#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_browser.in
#
allure-behave==2.8.15
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
allure-python-commons==2.8.15
    # via allure-behave
attrs==19.3.0
    # via allure-python-commons
beautifulsoup4==4.9.1
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
behave==1.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   allure-behave
certifi==2020.4.5.1
    # via requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
datadiff==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
directory-api-client==21.8.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
directory-client-core==6.1.0
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-cms-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
directory-cms-client==11.1.1
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
directory-sso-api-client==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
django==2.2.12
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sigauth
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   notifications-python-client
future==0.18.2
    # via notifications-python-client
idna==2.9
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==1.6.0
    # via pluggy
mohawk==0.3.4
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.5
    # via
    #   directory-client-core
    #   notifications-python-client
notifications-python-client==5.5.1
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
parse-type==0.5.2
    # via behave
parse==1.15.0
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
pillow==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via allure-python-commons
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via notifications-python-client
pytz==2020.1
    # via django
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   notifications-python-client
retrying==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
file:///home/dependabot/dependabot-updater/tmp/dependabot_20210319-8-kn1bfg/directory_tests_shared
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
selenium==3.141.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
sigauth==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   behave
    #   mohawk
    #   parse-type
    #   retrying
    #   w3lib
soupsieve==2.0.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via django
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
zipp==3.1.0
    # via importlib-metadata
